reference/Error_Messages.md, before:

# Error Messages

|Number|Message|
|---|---|
|1|(procedure) is already defined
|2|Number is too big
|3|(symbol) isn't a procedure
|4|(symbol) isn't a word
|5|(procedure) can't be used at toplevel
|6|(symbol) is a primitive
|7|Can't find label (symbol)
|8|Can't (symbol) from the editor
|9|(symbol) is undefined
|10|(procedure) didn't output to (symbol)
|11|I'm having trouble with the disk
|12|Disk full
|13|Can't divide by zero
|14|End of data
|15|File already exists
|17|File not found
|18|File is the wrong type
|19|Too few items in (list)
|20|No more file buffers
|21|Can't find a catch for (symbol)
|22|(symbol) not found
|23|Out of space
|24|(procedure) can't be used in a procedure
|25|(symbol) is not true or false
|26|Pausing...
|27|You're at toplevel
|28|Stopped!
|29|Not enough inputs to (procedure)
|30|Too many inputs to (procedure)
|31|Too much inside parenthesis
|32|Too few items in (list)
|33|Can only do that inside a procedure
|34|Turtle out of bounds
|35|I don't know how to (symbol)
|36|(symbol) has no value
|37|) without (
|38|I don't know what to do with (symbol)
|39|] without [
|40|Disk is write-protected
|41|(procedure) doesn't like (symbol) as input
|42|(procedure) didn't output
|43|I can't run (procedure) on this device
|44|No file selected
|45|File (file) not open
|46|File (file) already open
|47|File position out of range
|48|Device unavailable
|50|Already dribbling
|52|Device (device) in use
|53|File (file) too big
|55|Subdirectory not found for (directory)
|56|Subdirectory (directory) not empty
|57|Can't open ip address and port (ip address and port)
||!!! LOGO SYSTEM BUG !!! _Should not occur. Please let me know._

Commit message:

Enhance network functionality and timeout management
- Increased the maximum number of simultaneously open files and network connections from 6 to 8 in io.h.
- Added default network timeout configuration in io.h, with related getter and setter functions.
- Implemented network address parsing functions in io.h, including validation for host:port format.
- Updated LogoStream structure to support network connections and added related error codes in stream.h.
- Enhanced error messages to include network-related issues in Error_Messages.md.
- Updated Pico_Logo_Reference.md to document new network commands and operations, including timeout management.
- Added unit tests for network address parsing, timeout management, and related operations in test_io.c and test_primitives_files.c.
- Updated mock hardware operations in test_scaffold.c and test_io.c to include placeholders for TCP operations.

reference/Error_Messages.md, after:

# Error Messages

|Number|Message|
|---|---|
|1|(procedure) is already defined
|2|Number is too big
|3|(symbol) isn't a procedure
|4|(symbol) isn't a word
|5|(procedure) can't be used at toplevel
|6|(symbol) is a primitive
|7|Can't find label (symbol)
|8|Can't (symbol) from the editor
|9|(symbol) is undefined
|10|(procedure) didn't output to (symbol)
|11|I'm having trouble with the disk
|12|Disk full
|13|Can't divide by zero
|14|End of data
|15|File already exists
|17|File not found
|18|File is the wrong type
|19|Too few items in (list)
|20|No more file buffers
|21|Can't find a catch for (symbol)
|22|(symbol) not found
|23|Out of space
|24|(procedure) can't be used in a procedure
|25|(symbol) is not true or false
|26|Pausing...
|27|You're at toplevel
|28|Stopped!
|29|Not enough inputs to (procedure)
|30|Too many inputs to (procedure)
|31|Too much inside parenthesis
|32|Too few items in (list)
|33|Can only do that inside a procedure
|34|Turtle out of bounds
|35|I don't know how to (symbol)
|36|(symbol) has no value
|37|) without (
|38|I don't know what to do with (symbol)
|39|] without [
|40|Disk is write-protected
|41|(procedure) doesn't like (symbol) as input
|42|(procedure) didn't output
|43|I can't run (procedure) on this device
|44|No file selected
|45|File (file) not open
|46|File (file) already open
|47|File position out of range
|48|Device unavailable
|50|Already dribbling
|52|Device (device) in use
|53|File (file) too big
|55|Subdirectory not found for (directory)
|56|Subdirectory (directory) not empty
|57|Can't open ip address and port (ip address and port)
|58|I lost the network connection
|59|Network connection not open
|60|Network error occurred
|61|Can't use (symbol) as a file or network connection
|62|Invalid IP address or port (ip address and port)
|63|Network connection already open
|64|Can't (symbol) on a network connection
|65|Network timeout occurred
|66|Invalid network operation
||!!! LOGO SYSTEM BUG !!! _Should not occur. Please let me know._
